README.md, before:


<!-- =========================================
  Professional Dark GitHub README for Ishika
Save as README.md in repo: Ishikajain0172-web
========================================= -->

<!-- Banner (add assets/banner.gif or use a static PNG) -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/banner.gif" alt="Ishika — Web Developer" style="width:100%; max-height:240px; object-fit:cover; border-radius:12px;" />
</p>

<h1 align="center" style="margin-top:18px">Hi There👋, I'm <strong>Ishika Jain</strong></h1>
<p align="center"><strong>Web Developer</strong> · 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Ishikajain0172-web&color=blue&color=blue" alt="profile views" />
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  
</p>

### 🚀 About Me  
- 💻 Passionate **Web Developer**  
- 📱 Currently learning **UI/UX Designer** (Figma, Posters, Ads, Social Media)  
- 🏆 An enthusiast learner & love to participate in hackathons
- 📬 Reach me at **ishika.25b03110172@abes.ac.in** 

## 🧰 Languages & Frameworks
**Languages**
<p>
  <img title="Python" alt="Python" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python" width="36" />
  <img title="C" alt="C" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c" width="36" />
  <img title="C++" alt="C++" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp" width="36" />
</p>

**Frontend & Mobile**
<p>
  <img title="HTML5" alt="HTML5" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" width="36" />
  <img title="CSS3" alt="CSS3" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" width="36" />
</p>


## 📊 GitHub Stats & Trophies
<div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Ishikajain0172-web&theme=tokyonight&row=1&column=6" alt="Trophies" />
</div>
</br>
<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; gap: 20px; text-align: center;">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Ishikajain0172-web&theme=react-dark" />
  
</div>


## 🌐 Connect With Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ishika-jain-10aaa935b/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="linkedin" /></a>
  &nbsp;
 <a href="https://github.com/Ishikajain0172"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%23121011?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="github" /></a>
</p>

---

## ✉️ Contact

- Email: **ishika.25b03110172@abes.ac.in**  
- Location: Uttar Pradesh , India
- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ishika-jain-10aaa935b/

---

<!-- End of README -->
---

### ✨ Fun Fact  
💡 *One line of

Commit message:

Update fun fact section to motivational quote

README.md, after:


<!-- =========================================
  Professional Dark GitHub README for Ishika
Save as README.md in repo: Ishikajain0172-web
========================================= -->

<!-- Banner (add assets/banner.gif or use a static PNG) -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/banner.gif" alt="Ishika — Web Developer" style="width:100%; max-height:240px; object-fit:cover; border-radius:12px;" />
</p>

<h1 align="center" style="margin-top:18px">Hi There👋, I'm <strong>Ishika Jain</strong></h1>
<p align="center"><strong>Web Developer</strong> · 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Ishikajain0172-web&color=blue&color=blue" alt="profile views" />
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  
</p>

### 🚀 About Me  
- 💻 Passionate **Web Developer**  
- 📱 Currently learning **UI/UX Designer** (Figma, Posters, Ads, Social Media)  
- 🏆 An enthusiast learner & love to participate in hackathons
- 📬 Reach me at **ishika.25b03110172@abes.ac.in** 

## 🧰 Languages & Frameworks
**Languages**
<p>
  <img title="Python" alt="Python" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python" width="36" />
  <img title="C" alt="C" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c" width="36" />
  <img title="C++" alt="C++" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp" width="36" />
</p>

**Frontend & Mobile**
<p>
  <img title="HTML5" alt="HTML5" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" width="36" />
  <img title="CSS3" alt="CSS3" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" width="36" />
</p>


## 📊 GitHub Stats & Trophies
<div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Ishikajain0172-web&theme=tokyonight&row=1&column=6" alt="Trophies" />
</div>
</br>
<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center; gap: 20px; text-align: center;">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Ishikajain0172-web&theme=react-dark" />
  
</div>


## 🌐 Connect With Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ishika-jain-10aaa935b/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="linkedin" /></a>
  &nbsp;
 <a href="https://github.com/Ishikajain0172"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%23121011?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="github" /></a>
</p>

---

## ✉️ Contact

- Email: **ishika.25b03110172@abes.ac.in**  
- Location: Uttar Pradesh , India
- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ishika-jain-10aaa935b/

---

<!-- End of README -->
---

### ✨ Thoughts That Keep Me Going  
💡 *One line of code can change everything—keep typing.*
